Title: GO TO SOURCE

Text:
|
SOFTWARE INSTABILITY
⤴\

You proped yourself up and slid your legs from the edge of the table, opting to see what they were talking about. As you approached the heat signatures of the two figures, you stood a few feet away from the door and enhanced the audio by 200%

"..not the point. It's standard protocol to reset an android upon repair. Sorry, sir, but you have to understand it needs to be wiped." A male said firmly, voice clearly teetering off of patience, frustrated.

"And you need to understand that you just can't do that! Do you know just how many goddamn patient files YN600 has stored in her!?" Another male voice yelled out, slightly leaving a ring in your ears. You were sure everyone heard him, whoever it may be as you were sure you would've, even without the 200% enhancement of the audio.

"Even if her memory has been uploaded to CyberLife is your excuse, what if it doesn't include all of it? What if some files that are not as important to CyberLife slipped through various cracks? What if," A pause, as you heard some shifting of feet.

You ran a temperature scan through the walls, in the direction of the agitated voices and watched as two male figures, having signs of tension in their stances, stand a few feet away from each other, one pacing back and forth. He suddenly stops to face the other figure, again.

"A human dies because she can't find the diagnostic file we gave her? Or what if many do? Because if you fucking still insist on it, those death lands on you, on CyberLife, your company." The male grits out as he stepped closer to the other, almost touching noses, "Then you can kiss your job goodbye."

You watched as the other's stance clearly stuttered and opted to step back from the other, intimidating figure and nod stiffly.

"I.. I understand, sir. Thank you for your quite.. pleasant hospitality and use of our service to repair your Android. We, at Android Zone, await your further patronage. I hope you have a nice day, sir." the other male, an employee from Android Zone, a popular store where they sell used, reclaimable androids at a lower price than a newer Android would cost and repair ones that have been damaged or destroyed, stormed out of the room where both figures have been in.

As he spotted you peering in, he pushed you out of the way by bumping into you as he retreated and as he did you caught a gist or murmured phrases, "Fucker", "Asshole" Your attention was moved to the android that was with you in the room, as it ran hastily to catch up to the storming figure of the technician.

Once you were alone, you sat yourself down on one of the various, empty waiting chairs. Questions on what had happened up to the point you where destroyed still fuzzy. You needed to know what had happened. But yet the rattling scream of white noise is on the other side of the bridge.

Choices:
- RESTORE FILE -> RESTORE FILE (id: 34891472)
- WAIT -> WAIT (id: 34891721)
