Title: CRAWL AWAY

Text:
|
Andre
⤵\
[Friend]

You crawled away from the source of exclamation of your name and kept your head down as your system rapidly tried to fix everything before this person can get a chance to damage you.

"YN600! Where are you going?" You continued to crawl away as your audio components regained purity but a pair of hands tightly gripping your arms to halt your actions immediately made your LED go red.

"Hey, hey, calm down. It's alright, it's me, Andre." The male, Andre, told you soothingly as he stared at you worriedly. You ran a scan and your gaze immediately turned distant as all your memory files came crashing down on you, showing you fast moving clips of how you got here.

You were a medical type of Android. CyberLife manufactured the YN series to help doctors in saving lives daily in the health department. With the alarming rate of increase of deviancy in Androids since the 2020's, cases grew more violent.

It used to be owners coming in from small cuts on their brow or a scrape on a small scale, usually only an inch and 0.31 centimetres but recently it turned more grim, bloody. Patients coming in on the brink of death, in most cases and on others, a few bullets or stab wounds only centimetres away from vital organs. Or beatings ruptured organs or broken bones if it was on a lucky day.

You were sent to Doctor Andre E. Cruz by CyberLife as you were their latest, most advanced prototype about 6 and a quarter months ago. Doctor Andre was rather reluctant at first to accept you, not quite liking the idea of entrusting his patients to a machine but after a few successful operations and keeping an eye on you as he monitored you on your solo operations, he quickly took you under his wing and learned to trust you.

Doctor Andre was a young male, 26 in age and is the youngest, most successful doctor in all of Detroit. Bleached blond hair sitting atop his head as striking as his sharp black eyes. His dark skin blemished with scars, contrasting from the sea of smooth skin, from an accident he had been in when he and his father were strolling back from a grocery run when a drunk driver steered off the road into them when he was a child.

He survived but at the price, his father had to give. The memory of him crying his lungs out as he clutched his father's corpse as he grew colder and colder, his lips turning blue, contrasting with the splashes of red everywhere ingrained itself into his mind, sowing the vow he made to him to grow up as a doctor to save others when he couldn't his own father. 

That was what he told you, in a sudden emotional burst one night when you both had to stay overtime when no one was urgently rushed into the OR or ER.

Yet. You still can't remember how you got destroyed. An anomaly.

"Hey, snap out of it! How do you feel?" Andre shook you sharply again and your focus landed on his increasingly worried stance as he peered into your face.

"I.. I'm okay." You said right out, your voice cracking, your system not fast enough to process your default reply. Andre didn't look convinced, so you nodded at him "I'm okay."

Andre then helped you up, making sure you were able to balance yourself, and took off his jacket, laying it over your shoulders to cover you up. You didn't really need it, as you were merely an Android but Andre insisted that CyberLife just made Androids too 'freakishly' realistic, as on a previous situation when you were caught in the rain after a full on 16 hours of non-stop work in the hospital and you both had been soaked.

Especially you as you didn't bring an umbrella or a coat as you didn't need to worry about rain. Andre refused to look at you for a while but got over it on the next few shifts.

Andre regarded you, seeing the confusion on your face as you looked around frantically.

"You don't remember how you got here, do you?"

You sometimes thought up the possibility of Andre being an Android as he sometimes picked up on the smallest clues to know exactly what was going on, but dismissed it after your first temperature scan.

You nod, waiting for him to explain. But rather than telling you, he grabbed your hand and dragged you out of the maintenance room to one of the patients' rooms in the north-east wing of the hospital that was vacated and cluttered with furniture on its side, thrown away from its position and a cracked window. Once there, he let go of you and stood near the door.

"You.. Were attacked by a patient who got a hand of Red Ice while admitted for recovery." he spoke softly, cautiously as he spoke, gauging your reaction.

Your LED flashed red with the new information. You moved more into the room and as you scanned the whole room.

[
OBJECTIVE
:
INVESTIGATE WHAT HAPPENED
]

Choices:
- INSPECT BED -> INSPECT BED (id: 34940597)
- INSPECT FURNITURE -> INSPECT FURNITURE (id: 34940951)
