Chapter 9: INSPECT BED


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



You moved closer to the bed took a look over it. The covers have been ripped off by the patient roughly, as evident as the covers have been ripped out from under the mattress near where the patient's feet were.

It was a sign that they were in a hurry.

You looked at the pillows that were strewn across the room to the wall behind you and you analyzed it. You found traces of DNA on them. They belonged to a patient named Todd Williams. The patient who came in after he almost overdosed on Red Ice a few weeks ago.

You then noted the small bedside table that each room had next to the beds all over the hospital. You looked around further to find traces of blue blood on the floor.

Your LED blinked from a deep blue to flashing dim yellow as you reconstructed yours and his figure.

You saw Todd as he leapt from his bed and pushed you into the wall, grabbing anything he could to throw at you; in this case his pillows. After running out if the soft prop, you watched as his phantom grab the bedside table and hurl it into your crumpled figure on the floor.

He seemingly didn't like the fact you were shielding your face with your arms so he grabbed you and roughly pulled you up to the only throw you onto the ground, again, hoping to catch you off-guard.

As your phantom's hands went to catch you fall, Todd took his chance to kick your side to make you drop down. He grabbed a fistful of your hair and slammed it down, in hopes of getting you to shut down but your arm that was quick enough to stop your head from being bashed into pristine white tiles.

But that didn't change the fact of the harsh metals underneath your fabricated skin, so your forehead gave away into a blue liquid as it trickled down, staining and smearing in their journey all over the room.

[O][INSPECT FURNATURE]



Chapter End Notes

[∆][Please, try and leave a comment on each choice you land on! It'd be a curious flow to see which choice gets picked the most and the least.

Almost like a world chart in-game!]





