Title: INSPECT WINDOW

Text:
You moved to inspect the window and felt your LED overheating as it flashed and blinked in a rapid, blinking cycle. Dim yellows to bright reds. Danger.

You scanned the cracked window and identified it was a military class, bulletproof glass. Humans can do hardly any damage to this type of material unless armed with weapons. You spotted a trail of blue blood leading to here.

You reconstructed the events to find Todd lifting you off the ground, only to force you into the wall and securing his hands around your neck.

Todd lifted you further up as he applied more pressure into his grasp and you saw yourself, kicking your legs, grasping his wrists hoping to hurt him enough to make him back off but you soon heard metallic crunching and surely you see the metal around his grasp dent under persistent pressure.

You watched as your body went partially limp, your system stopping its struggle as it uploaded your memory to CyberLife. You found your phantom clenching its fist, raising it and for a second you thought it would have struck down on Todd but instead darted backwards, striking the glass. You repeatedly did this as it finally
cracked
and an alarm was set off.

Todd's phantom reacted quickly as it let go of you, causing you to slump down ungracefully as you've been far too damaged to function, and ran out of the room only to be intersected somewhere the security before he could escape.

"Did you remember?"

You turned around, almost forgetting Andre was there as you replayed, no,
relived
the events that caused you to
die
. You knew it made no sense. You weren't alive, you were just an endoskeleton of metal and thirium. You couldn't die. You weren't sentient.

Troubled, jumbled thoughts filtered into your head. You had never been destroyed before, just heard about it from the news and other Androids. It didn't make you stir when you heard about it. It shouldn't have. It shouldn't make you this
confused
, troubled.

You cast you gaze on Andre as he awaited your answer.

Choices:
- LIE -> LIE (id: 34970303)
- TRUTH -> TRUTH (id: 34970204)
