Title: FACTUAL

Text:
You nodded at her as she landed her scathing gaze on you. "So it may seem. Although, Andre did put up valid reasons not to, Amanda."

"Androids are programmed to only upload information deemed 'important' by CyberLife. While that may be the case, I've met and dealt with 1377 patients ever since I've been manufactured. Cases ranging from critical to normal. Some cured, some to yet come back for check-ups." you paused as you levelled her with your own stare.

"Manually processing information may take weeks, which may put me out of order for a while. Autonomously may risk data loss and," you gave her a polite smile, ".. it would terribly hinder my mission if I forget anything." you watched as the corner of Amanda's lips slightly twitched upwards.

|
Amanda
⤴\
[Trusted]

"Very well." She said indifferently as she picked the rose she had cut off earlier during your explanation and gave it a sniff.

"It's good to know you're not deviating from your orders. But," she dropped the flower as she turned her back to you again, "CyberLife has new instructions for you."

You were left with a small pause as she turned back to the flowery vines, "They want you to keep an eye on another Android; a prototype. It's RK800, the most advanced prototype CyberLife has made since you."

"I assume you know of the hostage situation that ignited the flow of deviant behaviour?" she turned to you, still holding her critical gaze.

"Of course, I took care of the little girl after the event took place. I had her guardian consider taking her to a therapist or to a vacation to alleviate her stress and shock. If my records stand correct, she is doing well." Amanda was not listening.

"Ever since the hostage situation that took place a few months ago, he seemed to be troubled. Keep an eye out for him. Report back to me after. Do not fail us."

Before you got to reply, the colourful interface faded before your eyes.

You blinked your eyes open as you gazed down again at the deceased, rotting, 19-day old corpse of the latest victim of yet another deviant Android, around the gloomy suburbs of Detroit.

The DPD, with the encouragement of CyberLife, has requested your assistance on the concerning cases as a criminologist. A helping figure if medical help was of need, in any situation.

But after giving your mandatory report to Amanda, another task has been added. Seems like CyberLife isn't enclosing the DPD with all the information. Curious.

[
OBJECTIVE
:
INVESTIGATE BODY
MONITOR RK800
]

You didn't really understand why CyberLife would insist on you accompanying the Android. As far as you were informed, most recent prototypes have the same set of advanced programming, meaning that they didn't really need your input.

Equipped with fast processors that can re-construct and pre-construct every outcome of an event at will. Able to see hidden clues in a place covered by a platue of mist or grime, invisible to the human eye. Able to react faster than any human can register. A fatal combo, if need be.

But as you thought that over the 7th time since you arrived at the scene, a thought scratched away at the back of your software. It's as if CyberLife was trying to determine which one was more acceptable, superior.

But that would be absurd. Right?

As you stood by and stirred as questions popped up after another. You weren't supposed to question your orders. You haven't done that and shouldn't.
Then why?

You shook your head, clearing the haze of red questions that aroused in your mind's eye, knowing they never held any true, meaningful answers to.

You weaved your way through the few members of the CIS, reciting your collected data. Other members of the DPD scouted the house, taking pictures of the evidence, a sudden harsh tune and loud lyrics sliced through the constant shutters and footsteps.

Heavy metal music?

You moved to investigate and stood near the entrance of the house to find a haggard looking man in his 50's with completely salted white hair. You ran a quick scan to identify the male.

SYNCING PROGRESS…
SYNC DONE
COLLECTING DATA…
PROCESSING DATA
[
LT. ANDERSON
Born: 09/06/1985  // Police Lieutenant
Mental Health:
Unstable, Suicidal, Depressed
]

"Evening, Hank." Detective Ben Collins greeted him jovially albeit a little tiredly, " We started to think you weren't going to show.." he hopped off of the porch to talk to Hank more directly as the rain bogged down, making things sound hazy, turbid.

"Yeah, that was the plan until this asshole found me," Hank said as he gestured to the android standing patiently by his side.

You read the text that was inputted on his CyberLife uniform and quickly sent a confirmation to Amanda that you've spotted your target.

The RK800 dubbed as 'Connor'.

[
OBJECTIVE
:
INVESTIGATE BODY
MONITOR
CONNOR
]

"So," the other detective adapted a teasing tone as he turned around for Hank and the RK800 to follow inside, "Got yourself an Android, huh?"

"Oh, very funny, just tell me what happened."Hank grumbled flatly as he and Connor entered the house.

You stepped aside as they approached you and when Hank saw you he let out an unfiltered scoff as he slid past you with, "Why don't you just fucking replace the whole task force, while you're at it.. Jesus."

As the two detectives brushed past you, you caught the attention of Conner.

Once he spotted you, he put up a smile, "Hello, my name is Connor. I'm the Android sent by CyberLife," he greeted you politely as he paused to scan your form for a moment. "I take you're the Android CyberLife has sent to help assist with the deviancy cases, YN600?"

Choices:
- FRIENDLY -> FRIENDLY (id: 35003945)
- INDIFFERENT -> INDIFFERENT (id: 35004173)
