Title: SAY NOTHING

Text:
|
Hank
⤵⤵
[Tense]

"…" You merely stared at him, making Hank just scoffed.

"No lame default greeting or something? That's odd, 'thought the fuckers at CyberLife 'accounted for everything in any situation.'"

He reached up with a mocking grin, flicking you on your forehead. ".. seems to be the regular B.S the government and other higher being keeps shoving down the clogged media drain."

"Why am I surprised?" You continued to ignore him as he mumbled to himself, your focus was mainly on Conner, as he lifted his fingers, covered in blood, to his mouth to analy-

"Argh, jesus! What the hell are you doing?" Hank yelled in utter disgust as Connor retracted his hand slowly.

"I'm analyzing the blood. I can check samples in real time." Connor said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world, "I'm sorry, I should have warned you." Connor added after processing the horror on Hank's face.

"Okay, just.. don't.." Hank stuttered as he looked from Connor to you, as if you've both grown a twin, diabolical, robotic head, ".. put any more evidence in your mouth, you got it? Same to you, doc. No offence, but you're both fucking disgusting."

"Got it." You both affirmed at the same time but knew that the conflicting orders where to come to annoy the lieutenant once again.

"Fucking hell, I can't believe this shit.."

Once Connor had covered the living area of the house, both of you stepped into the kitchen/dining area. You took interest in the trail of thiruim that led from there to here while Connor seemed to be taken by the bat.

"It seemed that when the victim hit the deviant with the bat, it suffered an emotional shock." He turned to look at you, "Is that correct?" his brows were drawn as he asked you, not as familiar to emotions as you were, as it was almost the rising cause why work was piling over for you at the hospital.

"Yes, that is correct. It seemed like it suffered from a trauma, making it react. Making the deviant break free from its programming and lunged for the knife." Conner nodded as he continued to examine the trashed kitchen.

You slowly made your way past the bathroom, following the blue dotted trail and a pattern strewn all over it caught your eye. rA9. An Android model? A hidden message?

Your database never ran out of material, almost holding the answers to every question proposed so the fact that when searching for rA9 drew blanks was alarming.

Who or what is rA9?

You slowly backtracked to the kitchen, seeing Connor scurry off to report to his assigned partner and picked up the knocked over chair.

"Hey! What do you think you're doing?" You heard Hank call you out as you were staring at the prominent, blue blood covered hand on the attic passageway.

"I'm going to check something." You said simply, planting the chair and pushing the offending slab of wood in your way to the side.

Once you've hauled yourself up, you made note of the dusty state of the place, cobwebs everywhere. You carefully manoeuvred around the forgotten furniture and cloths and soon stood at the very back end of the attic.

You heard a rustle at the back of the bookshelf, the only thing separating you from the source. You LED flashed and blinked reds and yellows in alarm.

A figure came rushing out. Covered in darkened, crusted red and blue blood, dotted with burn marks in various places and the same pristine white under your fabricated skin showing by his arms.

You've found the deviant.

The other Android stuttered as he finally looked you in the eye.

Eliminate.

"I was just defending myself. He was going to kill me."

Flashes of Todd pressing, crushing your neck filled your mind. How you hands sought out, to
hurt
Todd. Gripping his wrist, kicking, flailing.
Helpless

Deviant was afraid.

"I'm begging you. Don't tell them."

Did you feel.. fear? That was not possible. Was it?

"YN600, what the fuck is going on up there?" You were jerked from your thoughts, LED red, as you heard Hank call out for you.

"Please.. I don't want to die."

You felt yourself overcome with.. something. You struggled to get your head straight. Your objective here was clear here.

[
OBJECTIVE
:
REPORT DEVIANT
]

Yet, whatever you did as you looked back at the deviant, you..

You can only see a reflection of yourself.

Choices:
- CALL FOR CONNOR -> CALL FOR CONNOR (id: 35038721)
- SAY NOTHING -> SAY NOTHING (id: 34998050)
