Title: [Interrogation]

Text:
[Date
NOV 5TH
, 2038]

[Time
PM
10:33
:46]

After your last encounter with Connor, Amanda had informed you it would be okay to return to the hospital temporarily until Connor heads back into the precinct to gain more information from the deviant.

You stir in your seat subconsciously, wringing your hands together as you remember him- it sending you, soft spoken messages as he was being detained.

'It's not your fault.'
-

"YN600? You okay?" Andre cut off your train of thought.

You spun your head in his direction to find him looking at you intently. "I'm okay, sorry. I was processing some of the data I collected during my mission with the DPD." Not exactly a lie, but not disclosing the troubling thoughts either.

Andre nodded and had a clouded look on his face for a split second. You wouldn't have caught it if it weren't for your sharp sense of sight.

"Just.. stay out of trouble, okay?"

As you and Andre continued to lounge and chat in the breakroom together to fill the silence during your breaks, the loud bang of the ER doors as they slammed open. It alerted you both into action, quickly darting from your lax stances to tense ones, ready to head into action.

Andre quickly speed walked besides two nurses that wheeled in the patient, "Status?" he asked immediately. You quickly ran a scan in response.

SYNCING PROGRESS
SYNC DONE
COLLECTING DATA
PROCESSING DATA
[
LEO MANFRED
Birth: 13/07/2015 // Unemployed
Mental Health:
Unstable, Addicted
Health:
Critical condition
,
severe trauma
to the head and spine
. ]

"Leo Manfred. Trauma to both head and some parts his spine. Critical. Has a pulse, but just barely." you read off as you arrived at the OR.

You quickly tried to go in with the intent to scrub up and assist as you can but Andre stopped you.

As your brows drew down, he nodded to something behind you.

You looked back to see a nurse help wheel someone in a wheelchair off next to the ever vacant waiting chairs outside the OR.

SYNCING PROGRESS
SYNC DONE
COLLECTING DATA
PROCESSING DATA
[
CARL MANFRED
Birth: 04/06/1963 // Artist
Mental Health:
Stable
Health:
Imobility
,
cause of old age
. ]

"Carl Manfred?" you gave him a soft look as he looked up to you and saw his bloodshot eyes and his aged, tear-stained face, "Would you mind some company?" as he nodded blankly, you took up the unoccupied seat next to him.

Choices:
- SYMPATHY -> SYMPATHY (id: 35173289)
- FACTS -> FACTS (id: 35173196)
