Chapter 83: SYMPATHY




|SOFTWARE INSTABILITY⤴\

"I'm sorry for things to happen this way, sir." You started uncertainly, consulting your therapy database of careful steps to soothe a panic struck, grieving individual.

"Everything will be okay." You said in a gentle tone.

Calmly assure.

"Things might look grim now, but I assure you, you have nothing to worry about. Your son is in the hands of Doctor Andre, the greatest doctor in the entirety of Detroit."

Restore hope.

"He'll make it, without a doubt." you said but it seemed to have fallen onto deaf ears.

When you settled in for silence, Carl's hands shakily raised to land on your shoulder, patting it gently. "Thank you, dear. I have faith in that man. I've been a frequent patient of his, the past few years," he shook his head fondly. ".. remembered when he was still a pipsqueak. So.. teenager." He finished off with a weak chuckle as he started off in front of him.

".. but it's not the only thing bothering me. I can't help but worry about my other."

"Other. Son? But sir, I've only recorded that you have one son." You inquire as you ran a search for another Manfred kin in your system.

Negative.

Carl chuckled, a bittersweet smile decorating his face, "Not a son, but a person I see as an innocent boy, learning about the world right before my eyes. He was there with me through thick and thin. When I grew too old to walk, stand on my own.."

Carl paused clearly growing troubled, ".. to when I had lost my son to a handful of red powder."

Carl let out a shaky breath as he paused, "His name is.. was Markus. A talented, ambitious, caring Android. He's now so somewhere in the Android landfill, probably.." Carl trailed his sentence, never really trying to continue.

You awaited the operation to finish in pregnant silence, keeping Carl company throughout, giving him water and other sustenance you could provide around the hospital whenever his stats deemed it necessary.



[Date

NOV 6TH, 2038]

[Time

AM 12:41:04]

"Why did you kill him?"

Hank sat across the deviant you had caught a few hours prior. You had been wrenched away from your stance next to Carl when you received a short, curt order from Amanda to hurry to the precinct to gain information on both present Androids on the scene.

"What happened before you took that knife?"

You stood behind the one-way mirror, watching things unfold as you stood next to Connor, detective Reed and the officer, Chris in a thick blanket of silence.

"How long were ya in the attic?"

Silence.

"Why didn't you even try to run away?"

Silence. Yet again.

Hank kept firing question after question at the Android. But not even one hum was returned. Hank visibly became more frustrated as he snapped his fingers at the passive, blood-stained Android.

When the Android still didn't acknowledge him, Hank boiled over.

"Say something, goddamnit!" Hank shouted out, his brows creasing deeply as he slammed his palms on the simple interrogation table.

When that didn't even make the Android shift, Hank scoffed and raised off his seat, "Fuck it, I'm outta here."



|Hank\

[Neutral]



Hank came into the room you all were in, still watching the Android. "We're wastin' our time interrogating a machine, we're getting nothin' out of it!"

".. 'Could always try roughing it up a little," came the snide remark from detective Reed as he turned his venom-laced gaze from the deviant to you and Connor. "After all, it's not human."

"Androids don't feel pain. You would only damage it," came Conner's quick rebuttal, ".. and that wouldn't make it talk. Deviants also have a tendency to self-destruct when they're in stressful situations."

Conner's logical explanation clearly ticked off Gavin as he pushed off the wall he was leaning against to fully face Connor and yourself, "Okay, smartass. What should we do then?"

You quickly saw your opportunity to intervene. "We could both pressure it enough to the point the deviant realises it has no choice but to give us the information," You looked at Hank, "After all, deviants can simulate human fear. We could use that."

After your explanation, Gavin bursts into a fit of obnoxious belly laughter. Hank gives you and Conner a look of consideration as shakes his head tiredly, "What do we have to lose? Go ahead, the suspect's all yours."

Connor gave you an affirmative nod.

You followed Conner as he presses his exposed hand into the hand lock and step into the interrogation room. You weighed your options as you and Conner looked away from the deviant and at each other.



[∆][GOOD COP]

[X][BAD COP]





