Chapter 395: DO NOTHING




You stood your ground, staying stationary and silent behind Connor as he continued his onslaught of questionaires.

|SOFTWARE INSTABILITY⤵⤵

Connor grabbed the report file of the murder that was provided by the DPD that laid stationary until now and roughly slammed it down in front of the deviant, the sound echoed loudly throughout the small enclosure of the interrogation room.

"28 stab wounds." Connor yelled out, his brows fully drawn down into a deep furrow, "You didn't want to leave him a chance, huh?" Conner inquired in a flat tone, standing uo from his seat.

"Did you feel anger? Hate?," Connor moved to stand directly to the deviant's left, leaning on the table to intimidate the deviant.

"He was bleeding, begging you for mercy," Connor got closer to the deviant, "But you stabbed him, again and again and again!" Connor poked a finger at the deviant's shoulder to make them listen as they clearly tried to go back to drowning the noise out with Hank.

"Please, sto.." the deviant gave a quiet plea, trailing off, not able to complete it as Connor continued to attack him.

"I know you killed him. Why don't you say it?"

"P.. Please! Stop. Stop!"

Connor rounded behind the deviant to stand by his right side, slamming his palms on the metal, "Just say " I killed him"," Connor yelled into the deviant's ear, "Is it that hard to say?"

"Stop it! Stop!" the deviant let out, stressed out of his mind. His voice sounding like he's on the verge of a panic attack, crying, "P.. Please. Please leave me alone..!"

Connor grabbed a hold of the deviant by the front lapels of his uniform tugging him closer to the point there was barely any space between their noses, "JUST SAY YOU KILLED HIM!"

"JUST SAY IT!" Connor yelled out, shaking the Android as he did.

When the deviant just stood frozen, Connor let his grip go from the deviant.

Connor and you gave the quivering, shaken Android one last look before you both stepped away from him. Connor looked at you and nodded his head to the only doorway into the interrogation room.

'Let's go.' he sent you as he pressed his exposed palm back onto the handprint lock, unblocking the door for officer Chris and Gavin to walk through.

"Chris, lock it up." Gavin ordered curtly as they both approached the Android, Chris retrieving a key to uncuff the deviant from the table.

"Alright let's g-" Chris tried to say but was quickly cut off.

"Leave me alone!" Words spilled out of the deviant's mouth as he flinched his form away from the officer who was trying to make him stand, "Don't touch me!"

"The fuck are you doing? Move it!" Gavin barked at Chris, clearly annoyed at the Android's pleas.

"Okay.." Chris retorted, hands out spread in mock surrender and tried to grab ahold of the Android again, "Come now, don't be difficult, it'll only make things harder!" Chris tried reasoning with the Android but only panic was all he could sense.

"No! No, don't touch me!"

"Chris, you gonna move this asshole or what?" Gavid snapped, clearly loosing his temper at how long Chris was taking to move things along.

"I'm trying but it's not moving!" Came a frustrated reply as Chris gave Gavin a nasty sneer.

"N, no, p.. please. Please just leave me alone!"

"You shouldn't touch it." Connor told Gavin with an unredable exlression, "It'll self destruct if it feels threatened."

"Stay outta this, got it? No fuckin' android is gonna tell me what to do." Gavin shot back venemously.

"You don't understand. If it self destructs, we won't get anything out of it." Connor trie again but Gavin refused to hear any of it.

"I told you to shut your fuckin' mouth!" He yelled and turned to Chris once more, "Chris, gonna move this asshole or what?"

"I'm trying!"

[O][P̶L̶E̶A̶D̶]

[X][CONVINCE]





