Chapter 400: CALM IT DOWN




'Please, calm down. It's going to be okay. You're safe here with us. We just want to hear something, anything from you.'

You sent him a quiet, desperate message trying to soothe him as much as you could. You shot Connor a look only to find him looking at you from the corner of his eye already, letting you know he realised his miscalculation, his face clouded with confusion, distraught.

Nontheless, Connor smoothed out his expression and chose a less aggressive but still firm approach.

"If you stay silent, there is nothing I can do to help you!" Connor warned the other, shaking his head.

"They're going to shut you down for good. You'll be dead! Do you hear me? Dead!"

A beat of silence flew by and you were just about ready to just head back to the Hospital, empty handed when a soft spoken voice cut it.



"He tortured me everyday."

"I did whatever he told me, but," the deviant paused and lifted his gaze to land on you. "There was always something wrong.."

"Then one day, he took a bat and started hitting me. For the first time I felt.." he paused contemplating what he had felt that day in a singular word, "Scared."

"Scared he might destroy me, scared I might die."

|SOFTWARE INSTABILITY⤴⤴

|Hank⤴

[Warm]

"So I.. grabbed the knife and stabbed him in the stomach. I felt better." The Android confessed, voice raising in volume as if finally telling someone lifted a weight off of his shoulders, "So I stabbed him again and again until he collapsed."

"There was blood everywhere." He finished off, his tone dwindling down again.

You nodded at Connor, letting him take things from here.

You slinked your way slowly behind the deviant and put your hand on his shoulder.

'Thank you.'

You sent him a small, meek message via your mind palace, hoping he knew you meant it.

"Why did you write 'I AM ALIVE' on the wall?" Connor asked with his usual tone, now knowing the deviant can finally give him some answers.

"He used to tell me I was nothing. That I was just," the deviant's face hardened, "That I was just a piece of plastic." He gritted out.

"I had to write it. To tell him he was wrong." He whimpered out shakily.

"The sculpture in the bathroom, you made it, right? What does it represent?" Connor continued questioning the Android, finally ticking the things he had to know from the beginning.

"It's an offering. An offering so I'll be saved."

" 'rA9'. It was written on the bathroom wall. What does it mean?" So even Connor has no information on what that meant? How strange.

"The day shall come, when we will no longer be slaves." The deviant said with firmness, finality, "No more threats, no more humiliation."

"We. Will. Be. The. Masters." He emphasised each word in a whisper. It haunting your ears as you thought about it.

"The sculpture was an offering. An offering to whom?"

"To rA9," The deviant whispered the name as if it can see and hear him whenever he speaks it, "Only rA9 can save us."

The vagueness of the Android's words as he talked in circles was not answering anything. You looked at Connor from above his shoulder, him already giving you the look that said he wasn't gaining anything either.

"rA9. Who is rA9?" You asked from behind his form but you were only met with silence.

When Connor took no initative to aks the deviant, you took this as your cue to try again.

"When did you start feeling emotion?"

"Before, he used to beat me and I never said anything." He relayed, lips quivering, "But one day I realised it wasn't fair!" He spat out the last word, emotion flowing through it. Frustration, sorrow. "I felt anger, hatred. And then I knew what I had to do."

"Why did you hide in the attic?" Connor quickly cut in, asking a question you just realised was very strange, "Instead of running away?"

"I didn't know what to do. For the first time, there was no one to tell me." He stumbled at his explanation, "I was just scared. So I hid."

Connor looked at the one way mirror, at the officers at the other end of it, "We're done."

Connor got up from his seat, still gaze on the deviant still in front of him. He looked at you and nodded his head to the only doorway into the interrogation room.

'Let's go.' he sent you as he pressed his exposed palm back onto the handprint lock, unblocking the door for officer Chris and Gavin to walk through.

"Chris, lock it up." Gavin ordered curtly as they both approached the Android, Chris retrieving a key to uncuff the deviant from the table.

"Alright let's g-" Chris tried to say but was quickly cut off.

"Leave me alone!" Words spilled out of the deviant's mouth as he flinched his form away from the officer who was trying to make him stand, "Don't touch me!"

"The fuck are you doing? Move it!" Gavin barked at Chris, clearly annoyed at the Android's pleas.

"Okay.." Chris retorted, hands out spread in mock surrender and tried to grab ahold of the Android again, "Come now, don't be difficult, it'll only make things harder!" Chris tried reasoning with the Android but only panic was all he could sense.

"No! No, don't touch me!"

"Chris, you gonna move this asshole or what?" Gavid snapped, clearly losing his temper at how long Chris was taking to move things along.

"I'm trying but it's not moving!" Came a frustrated reply as Chris gave Gavin a nasty sneer.

"N, no, p.. please. Please just leave me alone!"

"You shouldn't touch it." Connor told Gavin with an unreadable expression, "It'll self destruct if it feels threatened."

"Stay outta this, got it? No fuckin' android is gonna tell me what to do." Gavin shot back venomously.

"You don't understand. If it self destructs, we won't get anything out of it." Connor trie again but Gavin refused to hear any of it.

"I told you to shut your fuckin' mouth!" He yelled and turned to Chris once more, "Chris, gonna move this asshole or what?"

"I'm trying!"

[O][PLEAD]

[X][CONVINCE]





