Chapter 434: PLEAD


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



"Please! Just leave it alone. Let me handle it!" You called out before you realised it. Connor was hesitating, but clearly saw it was a better option if they all plan on keeping the deviant alive.

"I can't let you do that! Leave it alone," Connor quickly fell into step, waltzing his way between the officer and detective, arm shooting out to Chris' farther shoulder, grabbing it to spin his form away from the deviant's, "Now!"

"I warned you, motherfucker!" Gavin exclaimed as he grabbed his gun and aimed it directly towards Connor.

"That's enough! Leave it to her, Gavin."

Hank's stern, gravelly voice rung out the small room.

|Hank⤴

[Warm]

"Mind your own business, Hank." Gavin gritted out, still holding his gun steady at Connor.

"I said,"

Hank swiftly pulled out his gun from his holster, pointing it at Gavin in emphasis, "That's enough." He said lowly in a warning, challenging tone.

When Gavin caught sights of the gun pointed at him, he quickly saw the odds against him.

"Fuck!" Gavin lowered his gun and pointed a finger at Hank, "You're not getting away with it this time." Gavin shot back as he glared at Connor one last time.

"Fuck!" He let out, frustrated, as he exited the small space.

Connor and you looked at the deviant who remained all throughout that huddled in the farthest corner in the room, hugging his knees. Connor gave you a nod, urging you forward.

"Everything is alright now. Don't be scared. It's all over now." You said softly and reached out your hand for him to take, "No one's going to hurt you." He gave you a wary look, his LED bright red but slowly calmed down until his LED turned a calming, blinking blue.

You looked back at officer Chris as he stood by, awkwardly looking on at everything unfolding, "Please. Let me escort it. I'll make sure it won't cause any trouble. Just lead me to where I need to go." You bit your tongue from calling the Android a 'him'.

Chris looked unsure as the Android who was crouched down, stood up but eventually nodded.

As you stood by Chris, ready to help the Android into his cell, he brushed by Connor briefly.

"The truth is inside." He whispered in the volume only Androids could hear. His voice floating heavily on both your and Connor's minds as your LED's blinked blue.

|SOFTWARE INSTABILITY⤴

The Android nodded at you and you laid your hand on the small of his back, urging him to walk out of the room to follow Chris' retreating form.



Chapter End Notes

ACT III - COMPLETE

HANK: WARM

ENDING [1/6]

[□][PROCEED]





