Chapter 451: CONVINCE


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



"Please, leave the Android alone! You're going to destroy the only piece of evidence we have left, detective Gavin!" You called out.

"Stay out of this too, bitch!"

"I can't let you do that! Leave it alone," Connor quickly fell into step, waltzing his way between the officer and detective, arm shooting out to Chris' farther shoulder, grabbing it to spin his form away from the deviant's, "Now!"

"I warned you, motherfucker!" Gavin exclaimed as he grabbed his gun and aimed it directly towards Connor.

"That's enough!"

Hank's stern, gravlley voice rung out the small room.

|Hank⤴

[Neutral]

"Mind your own business, Hank." Gavin gritted out, still holding his gun steady at Connor.

"I said,"

Hank swiftly pulled out his hun from his holster, pointing it at Gavin in emphasis, "That's enough." He said lowly in a warning, challenging tone.

When Gavin caught sights of the gun pointed at him, he quickly saw the odds against him.

"Fuck!" Gavin lowered his gun and pointed a finger at Hank, "You're not getting away with it this time." Gavin shot back as he glared at Connor one last time.

"Fuck!" He let out, frustrated, as he exited the small space.

Connor and you looked at the deviant who remained all throughout that huddled in the farthest corner in the room, hugging his knees. Connor gave Chris a nod, urging him to be ready.

"Everything is alright, it's over now." Connor said softly and reached out his hand for him to take, "Nobody is going to hurt you." The Android gave him a wary look, his LED bright red.

Connor back at officer Chris as he stood by, awkwardly looking on at everything unfolding, "Please. Don't touch it. Let it follow you out of the room and it won't cause any trouble.

Chris looked unsure as the Android who was crouched down, stood up but eventually nodded.

As you stood by Chris, he brushed by Connor briefly.

"The truth is inside." He whispered in the volume only Androids could hear. His voice floating heavily on both your and Connor's minds as your LED's blinked blue.

|SOFTWARE INSTABILITY⤴

Before any of you could blink, the Android grabbed the gun that sat idle in Chris's holster and aimed it under his chin.

Bang.

Blue blood and chunks of metal splattered everywhere but before you could see where it all landed, you saw Connor's form fall limp beside you as a trail of blue left his forehead in a steady stream. When you turned to look back at the deviant, you saw his form as he aimed the gun in your direction for a split second.





BANG.





Chapter End Notes

ACT III - COMPLETE

HANK: NEUTRAL

ENDING [3/6]

[□][PROCEED]





